date: November 1, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<calvinzh>, <thomas69>, <hermesko>, <kevinjia>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress: [
  {ubit: thomas69, progress: None},
  {ubit: calvinzh, progress: None},
  {ubit: hermesko, progress: None},
  {ubit: kevinjia, progress: None}
  ]
issues: []
Notes: |
    - Talked about what we expect to finish by sprint 5
    - Discussed how to split up remaining work on functionality
    - Discussed what parts of the code we no longer need and what we still need to set up
