date: September 18, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<calvinzh>, <thomas69>, <hermesko>, <kevinjia>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress: [
  {ubit: thomas69, progress: did voiceover for youtube video},
  {ubit: calvinzh, progress: created 1st patch for sprint one, updated develop to master},
  {ubit: hermesko, progress: edited youtube video for processing},
  {ubit: kevinjia, progress: created youtube account for the project}
  ]
issues: []
Notes: |
  Sprint 1 has basically been completed. Final touches are being implemented.
  Prepared to show prototype.
