date: September 13, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<calvinzh>, <thomas69>, <hermesko>, <kevinjia>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress: [
  {ubit: thomas69, progress: None},
  {ubit: calvinzh, progress: None},
  {ubit: hermesko, progress: None},
  {ubit: kevinjia, progress: Setup group repository in GitHub}
  ]
issues: []
Notes: |
  Further discussion on app features and work distribution will be held off until the
  first TA meeting.
